Add Synonyms API notebook (#94)
elastic/elasticsearch-labs: notebooks/search/README.md

- Transform fields in the sample dataset into embeddings using the Sentence Transformer model and index them into Elasticsearch.
- Use filtering with a `kNN` semantic search.
- Walk through a super simple toy example that demonstrates, step by step, how multilingual search works across languages, and within non-English languages.

### 5. Query rules

In the [`05-query-rules.ipynb`](./05-query-rules.ipynb) notebook, you'll learn how to:

- Create & update a query ruleset
- Get a query ruleset

> - Use `rule_query` to apply a query ruleset

Author: @kderusso Look good?

> - Create & update a query ruleset
> - Get a query ruleset
> - Use `rule_query` to apply a query ruleset

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use the query rules management APIs to create and edit promotional rules based on contextual queries
- Apply these query rules by using the `rule_query` in Query DSL
```

### 6. Synonyms API quick start

In the [`06-synonyms-api.ipynb`](./06-synonyms-api.ipynb) notebook, you'll learn how to:

> - Create a synonyms set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use the synonyms management API to create a synonyms set to enhance your search recall
```
